Title: Validation of email field for newsletter 
registration is completely missing

Title: Validation of email field for newsletter 
registration is allowing blank or invalid emails to be registered

Title: User is able to register for newsletter 
feed with invalid or  blank email

Severity: 3/Major
Priority: Mid
Environment: Chrome, Firefox, Edge

Description:
Summary: Validation of the email field is allowing users to register any kind
of string as email, including blank string.
Expected Result: Only valid emails should be allowed. Error message is displayed
in case of invalid or blank email
Actual Result: Any kind of string can be entered and will be accepted

Steps to reproduce:
1. Navigate to ITeventz.bg
2. Scroll down to news feed section
3. Enter blank/aaaaaaaa as email
4. Accept site rules
5. Click Sign in Button

Test Case: Cant register for news feed with invalid or blank email
Test Case: Register for news feed with invalid or blank email
Test Case: Can register for news feed with valid email [7-50]

Title: User cant search for training by city and year combined
Title: Dropdown options for filtering trainings by city and year reset each other

Severity: 3/Major
Priority: High
Environment: Chrome, Firefox, Edge
Version: 1.4, 1,7, 2.3, Beta

Description:
Summary: Its not possible to search for specific year and city at the same time.
User option is not persisted properly during page refresh.
Expected Result: Should be possible to combine both filters(city, year)
Actual Result: Filters cant be combined

Steps to reproduce:
1. Navigate to iteventz.bg
2. From main menu click on Trainings link
3. Select Year and City
4. Observe behavior

Test Case: Search for trainings
1. Navigate to  homepage
2. From main menu click on Trainings link
3. Select Year=2017 and City=Sofia   | Only trainings for Sofia(2017) should visible
4. Observe behavior

Test Case: Can search for trainings



Title: User is able to select input and output file type to be identical
Title: Identical file types can be selected for input/output conversion
Title: Dropdowns for input/output file type contain invalid/duplicate options
Severity: 4
Priority: Medium
Environment: Firefox, Chrome, Edge

Description:
User is able to select identical input/output file type which is basically 
not suitable for conversion at all.
Expected Result: Only valid file types are displayed
INPUT: PDF OUTPUT: WORD, PPT
INPUT: PPT OUTPUT: PDF
INPUT: WORD OUTPUT: PDF
Actual Result: Same type can be select for both dropdowns

Steps to reproduce:
1. Navigate to WordToPdf.com
2. Select input file type = PDF | Select output file type = PDF


Test Case: Cant convert to identical file type

Test Case: Convert to identical file type




















